content/getting-started/manageaccount.md, before:

+++
title = "Manage your account"
description = ""
weight = 1
+++

## Signing Up
1.	Go to  <a href="https://research.cip.cgiar.org/agrofims/dev/0212" target="_blank">AgroFIMS</a>.
2.	Enter your email, password, name, last name, organization and country. 
3.	Click Create.
4.	Your account has been created. You can Log in and start using AgroFIMS. 
5.	An email will be sent to your mailbox to confirm your account. 
{{< alert style="warning" >}} Don’t forget to check your spam folder if you don’t see the email in your inbox! {{< /alert >}}

## Logging in
1.	At the upper right corner of the Home page, click on    and select Log In
2.	Enter your email and your password.
3.	Click Log In

## Updating your password
1.	Log in.
2.	Click on      at the top right corner of the Home page.
3.	Select Autentication
4.	Enter your current password and a new password.
5.	Click ‘’Update password’’.
6.	Your password has been updated and you can now log in with your new password.

## 	Requesting a new password
1.	At the upper right corner of the Home page, click on ![click on login page](https://agrofims.github.io/helpdocs/images/login.png) and select 
2.	Select ‘’Forgot your password?’’  ![login_image](https://agrofims.github.io/helpdocs/images/forgot_password.png)
3.	Enter your email and click on Reset my password
4.	A new password will be sent to your email address. 

{{< alert style="warning" >}} Don’t forget to check your spam folder{{< /alert >}}

Commit message:

add video from youtube url parameter

content/getting-started/manageaccount.md, after:

+++
title = "Manage your account"
description = ""
weight = 1
+++

## Signing Up
1.	Go to  <a href="https://research.cip.cgiar.org/agrofims/dev/0212" target="_blank">AgroFIMS</a>.
2.	Enter your email, password, name, last name, organization and country. 
3.	Click Create.
4.	Your account has been created. You can Log in and start using AgroFIMS. 
5.	An email will be sent to your mailbox to confirm your account. 
{{< alert style="warning" >}} Don’t forget to check your spam folder if you don’t see the email in your inbox! {{< /alert >}}

## Logging in
1.	At the upper right corner of the Home page, click on    and select Log In
2.	Enter your email and your password.
3.	Click Log In

## Updating your password
1.	Log in.
2.	Click on      at the top right corner of the Home page.
3.	Select Autentication
4.	Enter your current password and a new password.
5.	Click ‘’Update password’’.
6.	Your password has been updated and you can now log in with your new password.

## 	Requesting a new password
1.	At the upper right corner of the Home page, click on ![click on login page](https://agrofims.github.io/helpdocs/images/login.png) and select 
2.	Select <code> Forgot your password?</code>  (Celine check the image next) ![forgot password link](https://agrofims.github.io/helpdocs/images/forgot_password.png)
3.	Enter your email and click on Reset my password
4.	A new password will be sent to your email address. 

{{< alert style="warning" >}} Don’t forget to check your spam folder{{< /alert >}}


- An example of video content below: 

Just need the id of the video https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L5rVH1KGBCY, in this case: L5rVH1KGBCY

{{< youtube L5rVH1KGBCY >}}
