+++
title = "Privacy policy"
description = ""
weight = 1
+++


*Effective date: January 01, 2020*


1. WHAT TYPE OF PERSONAL DATA DO WE COLLECT FROM USERS AND HOW DO WE MANAGE IT?

When signing up to AgroFIMS, we ask you for information such as your name, last name, email, name of organization you work with, and the country you live in. Providing this information is mandatory to create an account and use AgroFIMS. We respect user privacy; accordingly, any personally identifiable information you provide is protected by SSL encryption when it is exchanged with AgroFIMS and will only be used for internal purposes in accordance with site-specific policies, or in ways to which you have explicitly consented. This information is password-protected, accessible only by designated staff who require this information to perform their duties and is retained only for as long as reasonably needed for the purpose you have consented to or as required by law. We do not market, sell or transfer personally identifiable information to third parties unless required by law.

2. DO WE USE COOKIES AND AUTOMATED TRACKING TOOLS?

We use cookies to collect anonymous information and aggregate it to help us better understand how users interact with AgroFIMS. Our use of cookies or other automated tracking tools or services does not involve the collection of any personally identifiable information. As an example, we use Google Analytics software to temporarily store and analyze minimal information about your visit (country, time of navigation on AgroFIMS, number of visits per day and per month), however, this information cannot be used by us to identify you as an individual.

If you do not wish to have session or persistent cookies placed on your computer, you can disable them at any time from your web browser. If you opt out of cookies, you will still have access to all AgroFIMS information and resources, but you may not be able to use cookie-dependent features.

3. THIRD-PARTY SITES OR SERVICES

AgroFIMS may link to third-party sites or services. Since we do not control these, we are not responsible for their privacy practices and you use such sites and services entirely at your own risk. We encourage you to review the privacy policies of third-party sites or services if you are sharing any personally identifiable information with them.

AgroFIMS routines embed open-source CRAN or other third-party R-packages used in the development of the platform. Open source R-packages are subject to their own license and we encourage you to review their own policies: https://cran.r-project.org/web/packages/policies.html.

### USE OF AGROFIMS

1. YOUR PRIVACY

We respect user privacy and manage any personally identifiable information collected by us from you through AgroFIMS in accordance with our PRIVACY POLICY.

2. COPYRIGHT

**Copyright © 2019 International Potato Center – CIP**

AgroFIMS is an online interface conceived to standardizes agronomic data collection. CIP holds the title to the online AgroFIMS and to the materials and content generated by AgroFIMS unless otherwise specified.

3. USE LICENSE
AgroFIMS is licensed under the GNU General Public License v3.0.

AgroFIMS is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or any later version.

AgroFIMS is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details

4. DISCLAIMER
We strive to ensure that AgroFIMS and its contents are accurate and current. However, we do not accept liability for any losses or damages which may arise from using, relying on, or otherwise associated with AgroFIMS. Except to the extent prohibited by law no warranties or guarantees are provided as to the accuracy, reliability, ownership, non-infringement, fitness for a particular purpose, security or any legal or regulatory compliance status of any content or service that is accessible or discoverable through AgroFIMS including through websites, platforms, tools or services linked to or associated with AgroFIMS. In no event shall the administrators of AgroFIMS be liable for any loss or damages of any nature arising in connection with access to or use of any such content except to the extent such liability cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law.

5. ACCEPTABLE USE

You may not use AgroFIMS or its content in any way that:

* disrupts the normal working of the website
* infringes any copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret, other proprietary rights, or rights of * publicity or privacy in any way
* is illegal or otherwise unlawful
* has not been requested, including un-solicited bulk email or spamming
* is obscene, vulgar abusive, menacing or offensive or may cause or result in harassment, harm, distress or inconvenience to any persons or communities
* facilitates the transmission of any virus or other material that could potentially damage the website, and any computers or internet services that are connected to it
* unfairly impairs the reputation of AgroFIMS, the organizations responsible for its administration, or any organizations or individuals that have contributed to or made content accessible or discoverable through AgroFIMS (this does not include genuine user feedback regarding the site)

You must not attempt to interfere with the website or its workings. In particular, you must not try to break security, tamper with, hack into, or otherwise disrupt any computer system, server, website, router, or any other device. If we become aware of any violation of these Terms, we reserve the right to take action to stop the violation. This may include removing information, suspending, blocking or removing a user, and providing relevant information to external bodies where required by law or regulation.

6. USE OF WEBSITE, IMAGES AND LOGOS ASSOCIATED WITH AGROFIMS
The images and logos associated with AgroFIMS are subject to copyright. You agree to not use any logo or image without prior written authorization from the relevant copyright owner.

For the avoidance of doubt, the name, website, images and logos associated with AgroFIMS may not be used for advertising, product endorsement, or any other purpose without our prior written consent.

