+++
title = "Use of AgroFIMS"
description = ""
weight = 2
+++

{{< lead >}}
*Effective date: January 01, 2020*
{{< /lead >}}

1. YOUR PRIVACY

We respect user privacy and manage any personally identifiable information collected by us from you through AgroFIMS in accordance with our PRIVACY POLICY.

2. COPYRIGHT

**Copyright © 2019 International Potato Center – CIP**

AgroFIMS is an online interface conceived to standardizes agronomic data collection. CIP holds the title to the online AgroFIMS and to the materials and content generated by AgroFIMS unless otherwise specified.

3. USE LICENSE
AgroFIMS is licensed under the GNU General Public License v3.0.

AgroFIMS is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or any later version.

AgroFIMS is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General Public License for more details

4. DISCLAIMER
We strive to ensure that AgroFIMS and its contents are accurate and current. However, we do not accept liability for any losses or damages which may arise from using, relying on, or otherwise associated with AgroFIMS. Except to the extent prohibited by law no warranties or guarantees are provided as to the accuracy, reliability, ownership, non-infringement, fitness for a particular purpose, security or any legal or regulatory compliance status of any content or service that is accessible or discoverable through AgroFIMS including through websites, platforms, tools or services linked to or associated with AgroFIMS. In no event shall the administrators of AgroFIMS be liable for any loss or damages of any nature arising in connection with access to or use of any such content except to the extent such liability cannot be excluded or limited under applicable law.

5. ACCEPTABLE USE

You may not use AgroFIMS or its content in any way that:

* disrupts the normal working of the website
* infringes any copyright, patent, trademark, trade secret, other proprietary rights, or rights of * publicity or privacy in any way
* is illegal or otherwise unlawful
* has not been requested, including un-solicited bulk email or spamming
* is obscene, vulgar abusive, menacing or offensive or may cause or result in harassment, harm, distress or inconvenience to any persons or communities
* facilitates the transmission of any virus or other material that could potentially damage the website, and any computers or internet services that are connected to it
* unfairly impairs the reputation of AgroFIMS, the organizations responsible for its administration, or any organizations or individuals that have contributed to or made content accessible or discoverable through AgroFIMS (this does not include genuine user feedback regarding the site)

You must not attempt to interfere with the website or its workings. In particular, you must not try to break security, tamper with, hack into, or otherwise disrupt any computer system, server, website, router, or any other device. If we become aware of any violation of these Terms, we reserve the right to take action to stop the violation. This may include removing information, suspending, blocking or removing a user, and providing relevant information to external bodies where required by law or regulation.

6. USE OF WEBSITE, IMAGES AND LOGOS ASSOCIATED WITH AGROFIMS
The images and logos associated with AgroFIMS are subject to copyright. You agree to not use any logo or image without prior written authorization from the relevant copyright owner.

For the avoidance of doubt, the name, website, images and logos associated with AgroFIMS may not be used for advertising, product endorsement, or any other purpose without our prior written consent.

<!-- ### Page ordering

By default, pages are sorted on the weight assigned to them in their <code>frontmatter</code>. This is set in <code>config.toml</code>, using <code>orderSectionsby = "weight"</code>. Change this to <code>"title"</code> to sort pages alphabetically based on their title instead. Alternatively, do not assign a weight to any pages and it will also sort them alphabetically on their title.


### Table of contents

By default, a table of contents (ToC) is generated for each page in the right side menu. This can be disabled using:

{{< code >}}
toc = false
{{< /code >}}

in the <code>config.toml</code> or the <code>frontmatter</code> (a page's markdown file) for a page-wide or page-specific disabling of the ToC respectively.

### Google Analytics

Enable Google Analytics by adding your GA tracking ID to the <code>config.toml</code> file, at:
{{< code >}}
googleAnalytics = "XX-XXXXXXXXX-X"
{{< /code >}}
Where <code>XX-XXXXXXXXX-X</code> is your tracking ID.


### Read more navigation

In <code>config.toml</code> or a page's <code>frontmatter</code>, set <code>disableReadmoreNav = true</code> to disable the prev/next buttons at the buttom of every page.


### Search

Disable search by setting <code>disableSearch = true</code> in <code>config.toml</code>.  -->